Fix a critical routing bug: visiting /reset-password?token=... results in a 
completely blank page because the app's own JavaScript and CSS asset requests are 
being answered with the page's HTML instead of the actual file content, so the 
React app never loads at all.

Confirmed browser errors:
  "Refused to apply style from '.../reset-password?token=...' because its MIME 
  type ('text/html') is not a supported stylesheet MIME type"
  "Failed to load module script: ... Expected a JavaScript-or-Wasm module but the 
  server responded with a MIME type of 'text/html'"

TASK 1 — Investigate the root cause
Check how the built index.html references its script and stylesheet tags — are 
they using relative paths (e.g. "./assets/index-abc123.js") or absolute paths 
(e.g. "/assets/index-abc123.js")? If relative, that's likely the problem: a 
relative path can resolve incorrectly on a route with a query string, causing the 
browser to request the wrong URL. Fix any relative asset paths to be absolute, 
rooted at "/".

TASK 2 — Check server-side static file / SPA fallback routing order
Confirm the server correctly serves actual static asset files (anything under 
/assets/ or similar) BEFORE any catch-all "serve index.html for any unmatched 
route" fallback logic runs. If the catch-all fallback is matching asset requests 
that should have been served as real files, that would explain the HTML being 
returned instead of the actual JS/CSS content. This needs to work correctly for 
routes with query strings specifically (like /reset-password?token=...), not just 
plain paths.

TASK 3 — Verify across other query-string routes
This bug is specific to /reset-password because it's one of the only routes in 
the app that's commonly hit with a query string attached. Check whether any other 
route that can be visited with a query string (or a token/id in the URL) has the 
same problem, since the root cause is likely generic to how query strings interact 
with asset loading, not specific to this one page.

Verify: visit /reset-password?token=<any value> directly (a fresh page load, not 
client-side navigation from within the app) and confirm the page's JavaScript and 
CSS load correctly with no MIME-type errors in the console, and that either the 
reset form or a proper "invalid link" message renders — never a blank page.