The MIME-type asset-loading fix (Express SPA fallback asset guard, 
server/vite.ts) was verified correct in the code and confirmed republished, but 
the exact same browser errors are still occurring on the live site, tested fresh 
in an Incognito window with zero cache:

"Failed to load module script: Expected a JavaScript-or-Wasm module but the 
server responded with a MIME type of 'text/html'"
"Refused to apply style from '.../reset-password?token=...' because its MIME 
type ('text/html') is not a supported stylesheet MIME type"

This means either:
1. The production build was not actually regenerated as part of the most recent 
   deploy — the server code has the fix, but the built dist/ assets being served 
   are stale/from before the fix, or
2. There is a routing/proxy layer in front of this Express app (e.g. related to 
   the custom domain configuration) that is intercepting this request before it 
   ever reaches the fixed fallback logic in server/vite.ts.

TASK 1 — Confirm the build is actually fresh
Check the timestamp/hash of the actual files in the dist/assets directory 
currently being served in production, and confirm a full rebuild (not just a 
server restart) was performed after the vite.ts fix was made.

TASK 2 — Trace the actual request path for this exact URL
Add temporary logging (or use existing request logs) to confirm that a real 
request to https://landlinq.ai/reset-password?token=... in production is actually 
reaching the Express app and the specific fallback handler in server/vite.ts at 
all, rather than being served by some other mechanism (a CDN cache, a different 
routing configuration tied to the custom domain, or a separate static file host).

TASK 3 — Test directly against the Replit-provided URL, bypassing the custom domain
If possible, test the exact same route against the raw Replit deployment URL 
(not landlinq.ai) to determine whether the bug is specific to how the custom 
domain is configured/routed, versus a problem in the app itself.

Report back findings before attempting another fix — we need to know WHERE this 
request is actually being intercepted before applying more changes, since the 
already-applied fix appears correct but isn't taking effect for this specific URL 
in production.